In a small village called Honey Town, Harry Hip is a farmer. Honey Town is a quiet place. A trader will come every so often but not much else happens. Harry is getting bored of this slow life and wants to see the world. Honey Town does not have many people, but it is where Harry and his family live.
On this day to the east of Honey Town, Tim the Robin is flying. Suddenly, there is a flash of light and Tim lands on the ground. After landing, Tim finds that he can not move. In front of Tim is a man in a long grey robe. "Hello there, little robin", he says. "If you want to move again you will do what I tell you to", he finishes.
Back with Harry, he is working on the farm. All of a sudden, he is hit in the back with a small ball of sand from the sky. In surprise, Harry turns around before he turns into a hippo. On the ground in front of him he sees a robin standing and watching him. "Did it, yes it looks like it worked" the robin says. Strangely, Harry can understand what the robin is saying.
"What happened, who or what are you, and why can I understand you" Harry asked. "My name is Tim", the robin began. "The wizard made me do it, he gave me the ball that changed you" Tim finished.
Still confused about what happened, Harry begins to worry about what he will do. Should he run from the wizard, stuck as a hippo? Or should he go looking for the wizard? Standing tall, he decides to go looking.
Some time later, Harry has left Tim and is walking in circles around Honey Town. Passing through a small group of trees Harry comes across an owl watching him from a low branch. Stopping, the owl speaks to Harry. "Hello young one", the owl says. "I have been watching you, but it seems you are lost", he continued. "My name is Dusk, and I think I can help you get to the wizard" Dusk said. "I have flown all around these plains and I have seen where this wizard lives", Dusk told Harry.
Pondering on this quickly, Harry decided to take Dusk up on his offer. "Thank you, Dusk, I will follow you", he said.