Harry has reached the wizard at last. However, now that he is here Harry is worried that he may still not be able to turn back into a human. Steeling his resolve, Harry charges in towards the wizard who has his back turned. Harry's attempt at a surprise attack is successful. The wizard hears Harry coming too late and turns just in time to see Harry get close.
Startled, the wizard takes a step back towards the window and loses his balance. Because of this the wizard falls backwards through the window and loses his concentration completely. In a double surprise for Harry, as the wizard falls, he turned into a cloud of smoke. At the same time that the wizard changed Harry also suddenly transforms back into a human. It would seem that the wizard can only maintain one spell at a time.
Now that Harry is a human again, he finally feels like he can take a breath. With the tower quiet now, Harry takes a second to think about what has happened. Quickly, Harry realizes that this adventure has filled his boredom. He is happy with the quiet life he had in Honey Town and he just wants to go home now.
Just as Harry finishes that thought, there is a boom and the tower shakes. Seemingly the wizard has survived and is now trying to drive Harry out. Running down the stairs, Harry struggles to keep his balance as the tower keeps shaking. Stopping in the first room he finds; Harry sees Dusk and calls out. However, Tim is missing again, and they must run. Leaving the tower Harry and Dusk manage to escape through the smoke that has appeared around the tower.
Free from the tower, Harry and Dusk have stopped at the edge of the mountains for the night. They finally have the chance to rest. Starting with the sunrise the two continue their journey back to Honey Town. Shortly after they set out on the road there is a flash in front of them and the wizard appears.
"You fools", the wizard shouts. "You have ruined my experiment", he shouts again. "You will pay for the wasted weeks", the wizard simmers. Raising his hands, the wizard prepares to cast a spell at Harry and Dusk. However, just then Tim reappears diving from the sky. Just like he had done to Harry, Tim drops a ball of sand on the wizard who promptly transforms into a mouse.
Letting out a screech, Dusk flies down from Harry's shoulder towards the mouse. The mouse manages to scurry into some nearby grass and escape though. Calling out a thank you with a wave to a flying Tim, Harry and Dusk continue their journey back to Honey Town.
Once they get back to town Dusk leaves Harry who greets his family. That night a celebration is held by Harry's family who had been worried about him since he had disappeared.
The end.