Following the meeting of Harry and Dusk, the two had traveled towards the mountains. Stopping for the night, they were getting ready to sleep. As he was falling asleep Harry saw Tim the robin land near Dusk and the two began to talk. Feeling concerned but tired, Harry fell asleep thinking he would be careful following Dusk.
After a couple more days travelling towards the mountains, Harry and Dusk have entered the mountains. Travelling further east, Harry and Dusk run into a black bear. "Stop, Bruce will not let you pass" Bruce the bear said, growling. "Bruce can not let you get to magic man Carter", he continued.
"Harry, we must run", Dusk said as he took wing. Turning, they run in the opposite direction. After a few minutes of running and not seeing Bruce, the two stop and catch their breath. Just then Tim shows up and says he has news for them.
"I wanted to help because of what happened earlier", Tim said. "The wizard has left the mountains and is heading towards your home Harry", he finished. "What", Harry exclaimed. "Thank you Tim", Dusk said as Tim took off again. "I did not like what Tim said, he was acting strangely, jumping from foot to foot", Dusk continued.
Calling back Tim before he had gotten too far, Dusk grabbed him. "Tim, the wizard has not actually gone to Honey Town has he", Harry asked in a deep voice. Squeaking in surprise, "No, he hasn't", Tim replied. "I was just scared that he would do something to me if you continued", Tim continued. "Harry, I think we should circle around and head back into the mountains", Dusk told him.
Now on a new path to the wizard with Tim following, the group has finally reached the tower of the wizard. Entering the tower they see a door with no handles or any way of opening it. With no other way of climbing the tower the group starts to look around. After some time Harry finds a small pile of glass balls. Taking one, he continues searching before noticing that there is some faint writing around the door. Placing the ball under one foot so he can talk, Harry reads the words "A glass ball held near will show the way". Suddenly the door began to fade before vanishing. Calling out to Tim and Dusk to follow, Harry began to climb.
Upon reaching the second floor the group finds another door into a dark room. Entering, they check the room. However, after they have all entered the room a light turns on and the doorway closes. This door is like the one from before with no handles. Luckily, Harry again sees the writing on the wall around the door. The phrase is different this time, the door requires something else to open it. However, the word is faded beyond reading. Seeing a couple stacks of items in the room Harry decides to try the same phrase as before with a different item. Trying a metal triangle with the phrase, the group suddenly finds them back at the outside tower door.
Quickly rushing back in from fear they would be found, Harry repeats the steps required to pass the first floor. Since the triangle did not work before, Harry instead tries a stone cube from the other pile. This time the door vanishes like before.
After this Harry continued to climb the tower while Dusk and Tim would search the first two floors for help. Reaching the top of the tower Harry finds an archway with no door. Looking through he can see the wizard, Carter.